<h1 align="center">Design Process</h1>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The design process began shortly after the proroject proposal had been confirmed. Several members of the team had drafted on paper their design and layout ideas, but due to remotely working on Microsoft Teams and Discord, it was initially difficult for individual team members to bring their ideas together into one dinifinitive paper prototype. To solve this problem the team decided in late Feburary to use a collaborative interface design tool such as Figma. This made the design process much smoother and allowed the team to all be on the same page. Since then all developers could interact with the same Figma sketch simultaneously, combining drafted paper prottype ideas to create one, singlar wireframe prototype.</p>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The original wireframe prototype has significant differences in design from the final product. This is mainly due to our decision to base the final design off of an Angular template, but also a result of the front end team discovering which elements of the design could realisticaly be implemented in the real life code. Despite these design changes, the functionality of the application has for the most part remained consistent since the start of the project and an updated wireframe was later created as a reference for front end code development and a means to aquire user feedback information.</p>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As discussed in the 'Front End' section of doccumentation, the decision to use a template from the Argon website (https://demos.creative-tim.com/argon-design-system-angular) came in early March, when the team decided it would save time wasted on making the site look 'aesthetically pleasing', and so instead of trying to code an Angular project from scratch, the team intergrated the template files and began to build classes and components within that. This was initially confusing trying to work out the function of every file within the template, but after many hours scanning through the project the pieces began to come into place and the team were able to begin implementing desired features within the html, stylesheet and typescript files of the template. Many ideas of what the site would look like evolved other the course of the coding as expectations were managed with the reality of the teams limited software develoment skills/experience and the relatively short timeframe in which we had to complete this prject. An example of this was removing the option to upload and view more than one display picture due to complications arising in both front and back end development.</p>


