<h1 align="center">Identification of Interacting Users and Broader Stakeholders</h1>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;A key aspect to consider during the proposal of this project idea was who the interacting users would be, and any broader stakeholders affected by the project idea. Initially the platform was to be aimed at users of any demographic or city within the UK. However after several group discussions this was decided to be too logistically challenging within the given timeframe and so the user group was narrwed down first to only House mate finding in wards of  Bristol, and then further narrowed down to use by only students of the University of Bristol. These decisions have allowed the team to keep the user group rlatively confined, easily identifiable and manageable. They also seemed sensible since the majority of user feedback was from a student demographic as they were to most accessible audience for us to aquire feedback from, especially due to the Coronavirus pandemic.</p>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The identification of broader stakeholders affected by this project has been challenging since the interacting users has been reduced so significantly. Depsite this, one could consider the effects this platform may have on other platforms provising a similar service such as 'Badi' or 'Spare Room' who may lose a market share due to the compoetition posed by HouseHomies. Furthermore it is important to consider the knock on effect on social media platforms previsouly used as a menas of people finding house shares. These platforms may either benefit from the reduction in use for unintended purposes or suffer from the loss of useage as stakeholders potentially shift from social media platforms to HouseHomies.</p>


