<h2 align="center"> <b> What is the Serious Problem Being Addressed? </b> </h2>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For our project, we established the problem of looking for housing with a suitable group of friends. Sometimes, this can occur due to people dropping out and needing another person to fill in. Other times it may be that there are people unhappy with their current living situation and looking to move to a happier and more enjoyable situation. Additionally, it may be that people have considered doing a postgraduate degree or are on an intercalation year, where they are unsure on where they would like to live but want to be comfortable to ensure that they enjoy their year. The project was of particular interest to us, since we were in the situation at one point or knew of someone else that were in a similar situation but could find no options to get them out. We hope that the use of this application allows these groups of people and individuals find a person/people that are well-suited to each other and leads to a happier living situation for both.</p>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Currently the majority of university students who do not have a house sorted use Facebook pages to find a room or other people to bunch up to find a house together. We see that most people either turn to the Clifton and Stoke Bishop Facebook page or alternative housing Facebook groups designed to help people find suitable accommodation. The problems with these pages are that they can be unorganized, making it hard to track what users have seen and what users are yet to see. This is a tedious process and leads to an individual scrolling through endless housing advertisements, some of which they are illegible for as some people have specific requirements when it comes to housing. Additionally, it is hard to tell what the group dynamic is like or whether the individual would be a good fit from a simple sentence made on a Facebook post. Other alternatives that people could use are spareroom.com, however this can still lead to a mismatch in personalities and a less than ideal living situation. We also concluded that the living environment of a student is a major factor regarding an individual's mental health, especially given the pandemic and the lockdowns imposed, so it is important for a student to be living with other students with similar personalaties and interests.</p>

<h2 align="center"> <b> How does the project integrate play? </b> </h2>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To engage the users, we have opted into using the mechanics of dating apps where groups and individuals are able to see the profile of each other. After looking at this profile to see if there would be a good fit, users are then able to swipe right or left to indicate yes or no. Potentially, another way we can add a playful aspect to the application is if we allow users to introduce themselves in a playful style, for example a tik-tok style clip. The playful style we use here will allow for users to quickly swipe through potential housemates or groups to find the best match for them. Additionally, the use of a tik-tok style clip will allow for personalities to show, meaning both parties are able to connect in a fun manner.</p>


<h2 align="center"> <b> What are you going to make? </b> </h2>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The scope of the project is to develop a prototype that allows groups and individuals to connect in an easy and efficient manner. The core features of our application is that users will be able to create an account, meaning they can go on and off the application as they wish without the need to constantly re-enter data. A page to see their matches, a page where the individual swipes profiles and their own profile page where they can alter their details if need be. When they are creating their profile, they will be able to select several preferences (as suggested below):

Location, Budget, No. of Housemates, Preference of Gender, Religion, Amenties, Alcohol-free House, Smoke-free House, Drug-free House, Age etc.

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Technical challenges that we may incur during this project are that ensuring that when a match occurs, a message is given to both parties. This will then enable both parties talk to each other and see if they would be a good match for each other. Ensuring that this connection remains after the user quits the application and goes back on later, will be key and could be a potential challenge. Another potential challenge, we could incur is ensuring our matching algorithm is of a sufficient standard and leads to quality matches and a more likely positive outcome for both parties.</p>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Potential external API’s - include a map feature to determine the area in which they live, a chat feature and the cross-compatibility to work on both mobile and desktop since this will allow users to regularly check out what options they have.</p>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For the Gantt chart and other organisational tools we have used throughout this project you can use the links below.</p>

- https://online.officetimeline.com/shareable-link?token=6NI7YhOL2hnapXXKpHY6y8%2fQb7kLjxNxql%2fnCP2Fe6eOoNo2yt8dPjTFZCeCgABRk23ISmlSLlg%2fHurCnBCBMC7Nelc70FrWP5UENK1OJPwDSpHjrYdzDNG24Oplr9j0
