#
<h1>Discussion of Social and Ethical Implications</h1>

<p1>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;When undertaking any software development project of this magnitude, the developers must consider its social and ethical implications. Since this project is currently confined locally to a limited group of stakeholders, it is difficult to fully assess these implications and thus we will examine this project on a more conceptual scale. All implications will be considered as if the project has been commercialised and hosted remotely rather than locally for public use as intended. The following discussion will begin to explore and evaluate these impacts consecutively.
</p>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;By considering the three typed of ethics, Consequentialist, Deontic and Virtue, both individually but also in tandem, this project can be adequately evaluated. Depending on a stakeholder’s point of view, this project could be largely considered as ethical, since it addresses a real-life problem, and the positive consequences likely outweigh the negatives. We will start with Deontic ethics - ethics based on rules and regulations, since one of the most important factors to be considered is the collection and storage of personal data on the HouseHomies platform. As developers, we must identify which data is sensitive user information, and thus which should be treated as such. This is a crucial element of any modern-day location based social discovery platform and it is imperative that the stakeholders involved are made aware of how their data is stored and distributed for third party use. To protect the information provided by users from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction the HouseHomies development team has ensured the final code and database has been well tested and will be regularly monitored for vulnerabilities. However, as with every technology platform we do not promise, or expect that personal information will always remain secure, and users should be made aware of this within our privacy policy. To comply with legal requirements and assist law enforcement, users should be asked upon sign up to consent to the giving and use of any sensitive information. HouseHomies could be considered to provide a sense of privacy from stakeholders outside of the platform, since their profiles are contained within the HouseHomies ecosystem, and only accessible by other users of the platform who have similarly consented to our privacy policies. They cannot be accessed from a google search or elsewhere on the internet, and this privacy is enhanced by the fact that users are only shown other profiles relevant to their matching criteria, such as location, creating smaller, confined “zones” of user groups. The development team have referred to the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Code of Ethics and at all times abided by its seven ‘General Ethical Principles’:

-	Contribute to society and to human well-being, acknowledging that all people are stakeholders in computing. 
-	Avoid harm.
-	Be honest trustworthy.
-	Be fair and act not to discriminate.
-	Respect the work required to produce new ideas, inventions, creative works, and computing artifacts.
-	Respect privacy.

Finally, the platform does not knowingly breach any copyright laws, the logo was created on a free online logo making software.</p>
