<h1 align="center">Design Evaluation</h1>

<p>The design process began shortly after the project proposal had been confirmed in late February. From here our team began with paper prototypes, each creating our own ideas of what the app would look like. We then evaluated the designs as a group to select our favourite, making any changes we decided as a group. This process is further documented in <a href="https://github.com/JaiRanchod/Desk-10-Software-Engineering-Group-Project/blob/release/Documentation/Design%20Process.md">design process</a>. After doing some research into some viable options for our wireframe, include Adobe XD and Sketch. We found that Figma was the only one that allowed us to collaborate with the whole group remotely without have to pay any premium charges. Therefore we selected Figma and created our first <a href="https://github.com/JaiRanchod/Desk-10-Software-Engineering-Group-Project/blob/release/Documentation/Wireframes%20and%20Interaction%20Flow%20Diagrams.md">wireframe model</a> in early March. This was done during over the course of a few weeks, using Teams to collaborate, with each member working on a different page based on our paper prototype. This proved to be effective as we had a baseline to work from in the form our the paper prototype and could view others work in real time to make any minor changes. Since Figma's implementation, the team's developers could continuously present and refine the prototype into a singular finalised wireframe.</p>

<p>During the process of designing our wireframe we decided to use <a href="https://github.com/JaiRanchod/Desk-10-Software-Engineering-Group-Project/blob/release/Documentation/Understanding%20of%20User%20Group.md">surveys</a> to get important user data about the viability of the app and what features they would want implemented. This was very useful as it highlighted the information users want to see, allowing us to prioritise this in our design layout. After the original wireframe was finished in mid-March we sent these out for further testing which can be found in the <a href="https://github.com/JaiRanchod/Desk-10-Software-Engineering-Group-Project/blob/release/Documentation/Wireframes%20and%20Interaction%20Flow%20Diagrams.md">wireframe documentation</a>. Again this provided us with key feedback to refine our model, taking this information with us when designing our new wireframe with the template.</p>

<p>After discovering the use of templates to create a more aesthetically pleasing frontend in early March, we decided to implement this into our project. This meant that our paper prototype and wireframe were no longer viable options. To rectify this, in mid-March, three of the team members got together in person to create an updated paper prototype. The member that was most familiar with Figma then designed an updated version of the wireframe within the week. Again, further documentation of this can be seen in the <a href="https://github.com/JaiRanchod/Desk-10-Software-Engineering-Group-Project/blob/release/Documentation/Design%20Process.md">design process</a> and <a href="https://github.com/JaiRanchod/Desk-10-Software-Engineering-Group-Project/blob/release/Documentation/Wireframes%20and%20Interaction%20Flow%20Diagrams.md">wireframe</a> documentation. Details of the template can also be found in the <a href="https://github.com/JaiRanchod/Desk-10-Software-Engineering-Group-Project/blob/release/Documentation/Front%20End.md">front End</a> documentation.</p>

<p>The next step was to design a data model. For this process we stuck with the same method as the paper prototype, with every member of the group contributing a data model. We then selected the best option and implemented any desired changes. This proved to be especially useful in the data model as none of the models individually captured everything we would need. Therefore we implemented features from the other models into our favourite. This process started in mid-march, shortly after the new wireframe and was finished within a week, having a meeting after the workshop on Tuesday and another after the Thursday for the finalisation of our model.</p>

<p>With the wireframe and data model complete we could then start building the app throughout the end of March and beginning of April. Initially the template made this very difficult on the front end but after some trial and error the front end team started to get to grips with it. It was now possible to implement the desired features within the HTML, stylesheet and typescript files of the template. Many ideas of what the site would look like evolved over the course of the coding as expectations were managed with the reality of the teams limited time and experience.</p>

<p>Throughout the progression of the coded design implementation, HTML, CSS, SCSS and typescript files were used to edit and create components. By utilising the pre-made SCSS styling configurations in HTML classes, we were able to keep the final design simple, consistent and visually appealing whist ensuring a pleasant user experience.</p>



<br>
<a href="https://github.com/JaiRanchod/Desk-10-Software-Engineering-Group-Project/tree/release">
<b>Homepage</b></a>
<br>
<a href="https://github.com/JaiRanchod/Desk-10-Software-Engineering-Group-Project/blob/main/Documentation%20Notes/Background%20Literature.md">
<b>Next Section</b></a>
