<h1 align="center">Reflection on Working Practices</h1>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Reflecting on our team, we mutually agree that overall it was a pleasant and productive experience. The fact that we knew each other beforehand, through either collaborating in other modules or working together in the "Merchant Ventures" Building, played an integral role in the high performance of our team. Our shared ambition of creating a project that would test our technical abilities and be a challenging, yet fun, project to take on provided us with the necessary alignment and individual motivation to tackle a huge challenge such as this, with minimal hiccups.</p>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The impact of COVID-19 on our project is discussed in depth in the 'Coronavirus Discussion' section, so, we won't go into detail, but we will provide a brief overview. The main factor COVID affected was the effectiveness of our meetings. While remote work had its perks, after the lockdown restrictions were lifted and we began to work in MVB together, we noticed that engagement, and productivity levels were higher. It was easier to converse with other members of the team, contrary to the one-way communication process online meetings allow. We liked being able to talk to other team members in a much more dynamic and engaging manner which often lead to faster decision making and thus faster progress.</p>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;One of the key factors that made our team work effectively is that we were comfortable in having honest discussions/debates on ideas and suggestions. In fact, each team member was able to take on constructive criticism; a key feature of a high performing team. Because of this, we were able to align our objectives and it made it clearer for everyone to know what they were doing. If we weren't as comfortable with each other this could have led to potentially a  team member not willing to share ideas or give honest feedback on an individual's work. A consequence of that would be he cause of issues down the line of the development journey where changes would be harder to implement. Another factor that helped us work well as a team is that we all understood our mutual responsibility and that we couldn't let the team down. This shared feeling of inclusivity and individualistic responcibility directly contributed to out eam's cohesive effort and comittment. There was complete trust!</p>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Our main communication channels were Microsoft Teams and Discord. We liked Teams as we were able to share our screens. This allowed for more effective meetings as we could visually walk through the code/work and see the other team member's work, allowing us to efficiently discuss and give feedback on whether any changes needed to take place. Moreover, we used Discord as our communication channel for all official project discussions. Discord has a more user-friendly interface and more importantly an "easier to use" app than Microsoft Teams. Considering that we wanted all team members to be invested and involved in conversations, choosing a platform that is easy and made for one purpose, proved to be effective.</p>

<br>
<a href="https://github.com/JaiRanchod/Desk-10-Software-Engineering-Group-Project/tree/release">
<b>Homepage</b></a>
<br>
<a href="https://github.com/JaiRanchod/Desk-10-Software-Engineering-Group-Project/blob/release/Documentation/Reflection%20on%20Success%20of%20Project.md">
<b>Next Section</b></a>
